# TransportSystem
Project Title
Dynamic Web Application for Kenyan Agricultural Transport Efficiency.
Agriculture is an important sector in the Kenyan economy. The sector is the backbone of the economy and contributes approximately 33% of Kenya’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP). The agriculture sector employs more than 40 percent of the total population and 70 percent of the rural population. More importantly, Kenya is renowned for its exports of tea, coffee, and flowers.  It also produces a wide array of other crops for domestic consumption and export. This sector therefore plays a significant role in providing opportunities for smallholder farmers to improve their livelihoods.
Problem Statement 
The agricultural sector however faces a myriad of challenges. One of them is the difficulties of transportation of agricultural goods to the market. The farmers face challenges in the transportation of their agricultural products to the market. It has been argued that these challenges are brought about due to structural inefficiencies, corruption from middlemen, and delays in the sharing of accurate information, among others. These issues hinder the growth of the agricultural sector in Kenya. This has led to the failure to exploit the sector fully for economic development.
Our proposed project is to help create a dynamic transport system for Agricultural Products. This project aims to automate the data storage and management processes in the transport system. This will help in eradicating exploitation from middlemen, corruption, and internal inefficiencies. The expected outcome of the project is to enhance data accuracy and reliability for better decision-making. This will make the value chain effective and efficient.
We intend to create a platform that will connect farmers, transporters, buyers, and retailers. This will therefore facilitate efficient and cost-effective transportation of these agricultural products. The system will be designed for scalability, allowing it to accommodate the growing user base and expanding transportation needs countrywide. Lastly, revenue streams will ensure the system’s sustainability aim the long term.
To desire to address the challenges that farmers face has led us to come up with innovative solutions that aim at improving transportation infrastructure, providing access to market information, and streamlining the logistics of agricultural product transportation. We intend to create a web application-based transport system that should play a significant role in overcoming these obstacles by connecting farmers directly with transporters and buyers to optimize routes and reduce transportation costs.
